---
title: "New Chapter"
date: 2020-08-10
excerpt: "First postdoc research position..."
---

It is my pleasure to announce that in the next two years my second home will be in Lund, Sweden. I'm very happy to be a part of the Department of Computer Science at Lund University, where I will work as a postdoc research fellow. The project, financed by WASP ([Wallenberg AI, Autonomous System and Software Programme](http://wasp-sweden.org)), aims at introducing innovative algorithms and methodologies to overcome the limitations of multi-objective black-box optimization. The research topic falls at the crossroads of the broader fields of black-box optimization and statistical machine learning. Using a Bayesian statistical approach augmented with the user's prior knowledge will enable combining information from different sources, e.g. experiments of different kinds while accounting for the uncertainty involved in a rigorous and coherent manner. Our objective is to test the new algorithms and methodologies on a variety of synthetic and real-world applications such as automated machine learning (AutoML), automated configuration of compilers, hardware design, and computer vision. The project is carried out together with [Asst. Prof. Luigi Nardi](https://scholar.google.it/citations?user=Kgs3zQoAAAAJ&hl=en) at the Department of Computer Science, Lund University.

For more detail, visit [here](https://lu.varbi.com/en/what:job/jobID:300056/type:job/where:4/apply:1?fbclid=IwAR3EFop3058sDNH5zPdNMuYzlDRr5aqnLqbBOmviiXs5CgRaBYZrCYTle_M).